Our country's warrior king and princess win
Impossible absolutely impossible
This must be a mistake
The body of our country's warriors is invulnerable
How could he be easily stabbed to death by a weak woman?
Waiting for ridiculous things
We can't believe it.
The king personally measured the pulse
What else do you mean?
Emperor
There must be some kind of balloon in here.
Just because he is a weak and incapable woman
How could he possibly kill the first warrior in our country?
What a joke.
Nonsense
Exactly.
We each cook with 91 children
Even the order dare not kill
How can you kill him?
You cheated.
King Zhengnan, are you sure that the warrior is dead?
Your Majesty, this man is dead and cannot die again
OK
Since this game is about who gets killed first
Then with my royal sister
Does it matter if it's a woman?
Or you can't afford to lose